kprobe: Add suport for attaching kprobes via source location (#5115)
iovisor/bpftrace: docs/language.md

}
```

> If DWARF debugging symbols are availaible for kernel and/or kernel modules, `kprobe` s can be attached via `file:line[:col]` source file location, requiring the `--unsafe` flag. `file` path may be absolute or relative, and `line:col` must refer to a valid statement in that file. Useful for probing inside a functions body.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
If DWARF debug symbols are availaible for kernel and/or kernel modules, `kprobe` s can be attached via `file:line[:col]` source file location but this requires the `--unsafe` flag. `file` path may be absolute or relative, and `line:col` must refer to a valid statement in that file. This is useful for probing inside a functions body.
```

> If DWARF debugging symbols are availaible for kernel and/or kernel modules, `kprobe` s can be attached via `file:line[:col]` source file location, requiring the `--unsafe` flag. `file` path may be absolute or relative, and `line:col` must refer to a valid statement in that file. Useful for probing inside a functions body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If DWARF debugging symbols are available for kernel and/or kernel modules, `kprobe` s can be attached via `file:line[:col]` source file location, requiring the `--unsafe` flag. `file` path may be absolute or relative, and `line:col` must refer to a valid statement in that file. Useful for probing inside a functions body.
```
